♬ "Be brave and say you'll win"
Three years have passed since Suzuko returned from Kagawa.
The Umemaru Girls' Opera Company is centered around Suzuko's generation➡
It is becoming more and more popular.
♬～(applause)
♬～(hand beat)
(Suzuko) ♬ “I want to be held in your chest”
♬ “Even the flowers are flaming red” (All members) ♬ “Cheerio”
♬ “You look happy, but it’s embarrassing.”
♬ “Step of Love, Dreamy Cheerio”
♬～(cheers)
♬～
♬“One sincere heart, the end”
♬ “Tightly tied chest string” (all) ♬ “Cheerio”
♬ “You look happy, but it’s embarrassing.”
♬ “Step of Love, Dreamy Cheerio”
♬～(applause and cheers)
♬～
♬ “What is this rhythm?”
♬ "It's like weightlessness"
♬ “Boogie woogie makes my heart feel lighter.”
♬ "Flying in the sky"
♬～
♬ “Boogie Woogie Woogie Boogie Woogie Woogie”
♬ "Magic words"
♬ “My body starts dancing naturally”
♬ “Daba-doo-dida, it won’t stop”
♬ “Boogie Woogie Woogie Boogie Woogie Woogie”
♬ “Everyone is crazy about it”
♬ “My heart is excited and excited”
♬ “Dabadudidah, I love you”
♬ “Boogie Woogie Woogie I love you (Boogie Woogie)”
♬ “I’m so happy (I love you)”
♬ “Let’s run, break out, sing and dance!”
♬ “Let’s dance passionately!”
♬～
Then I apologize in advance. Excuse me. Take care when you return home.
yes. see you tomorrow.
Hasn't he been trained a lot? (Akiyama) Of course, but➡
Thanks to the guidance of my teachers and seniors.
Well, I'm not convinced.
(Kazuki) What?
When Wate sings solo and Akiyama starts tapping➡
I feel like everything is being taken away from me.
Wate's song: It's sung for Akiyama's tap.
That's right. No one thinks of him that way.
Is that so?
Director Hayashi: Are you thinking of letting Wate act as Akiyama's foil?
I guess you're thinking of making your singing and dancing your two pillars.
The customers were happy and it was a big hit.
Sorry, but won't Kazuki have any regrets?
Before, I was more disappointed.
Unfortunately, I understand my role now.
Lily and Akiyama can only shine if we are here.
See, he's a foil after all!
Suzuko is really ambitious.
ambition? You want to stand out even more, right?
Hmm... I want to stand out➡
I can't say anything good about it...
Hona Let me take a picture! (shutter sound)
Hanayu is as lively as ever.
(Gonbe) Is this what Yuzu is? (Rokuro) It's like this.
(Radio) ♬ “Be brave and say you’re going to win.”
(Umekichi) What a great victory.
(Gloss) Large. (Umekichi) Japanese Army: There is no enemy on our way.
(Easy person) Are you going to get this done by New Year's?
I'm home. (All) Welcome home.
(Umekichi) Today was good too. It was packed. thank you.
(Teacher enthusiastically) Sorry, but that tap of Akiyama-chan is already...➡
That's the best! like this! Let's do this.
(Asa) I was sure that she would come. (Teacher enthusiastically) Let's go. Yamato II.
Hmm, but Suzu-chan's singing is a little hazy.
(Umekichi) Idiot! I'm sick of losing.
Oh, Suzu-chan won't come either. What would happen if we sang a military song?
That doesn't suit me.
I'll get some ramune.
(Tsuya) What happened?
Especially... I guess I'm a little tired.
(Kinu) I'm grateful to Tsuya-chan. ➡
If things had stayed that way, you and I might not have survived.
♬～
(Sound of opening a ramune bottle)
Here you go.
thank you. I'll rest in my room for a while.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
(Radio) ♬ “If you open the window”
(Umekichi) This song again.
I've been visiting a lot lately, but I don't like it.
hang on. What?
♬ “Meriken Wharf”
(Easy person) I also don't like this song. It's kind of painful.
(Umekichi) You say that. (Asa) Yeah, I think it's a good voice.
Honma...
♬ “Ride on the love wind”
undefined
♬ “Where are you going?”
"Farewell Blues" Ritsuko Ibarata.
What... that's a scary face.
You're thinking too much. Because I can listen to “Farewell Blues”➡
Why did you break up with me?
I wonder if that girl knows about Honma...
What about Honma?
After that girl came back from Kagawa➡
I feel like it's a little awkward...
I care too much. How many years ago, I went to Kagawa.
He's about his age➡
I feel like listening to songs I don't understand in the twilight.
Ah, let's do it! already!
Here again.
♬～
About that one day➡
Reiko Yamato and Yoshio Matano came to see a performance for the first time in a while.
(Hat) Eat more and more! Fruit punch!
With Matano's tearful proposal, the two got married ➡
My husband and I are currently running dance and piano classes.
(Yamato) Mr. Fukurai. Ah!
It was so good! She really liked your song too.
It gave me strength. thank you very much.
My stomach has gotten quite big. It's already next month.
It's more like I said. picture….
Your song has become a weapon.
is that so?
what? what happened? home….
You think your singing is losing out to Akiyama-san's dancing.
Nothing like that...
Akiyama-san said the same thing earlier. picture….
It seems like my dancing is losing out to your singing.
Akiyama...
As always, you guys.
That's how you improve yourself through friendly competition. I'm jealous.
It's true that I feel like I'm losing to Akiyama's dance➡
I don't think that's the case.
what? I can't say anything nice...➡
It's not like I want to stand out more than Akiyama...
What can I say, singing and dancing are fun➡
There's no such thing...
I see…. You think she's looking further away.
Aren't you feeling unsatisfied? To myself now.
But I don't know what to do.
That one!
We don't particularly want to beat Mr. Fukurai's singing or anything.
I can do more... more...
That's right! I wonder if she can do more.
That’s it! That's how I feel!
(Akiyama) Something like this still doesn't exist...
Aren't you satisfied? I'm like, "Ah!" …I see!
You guys are amazing.
It probably won't be the answer though...➡
Me, when this child is born➡
I feel like something about me is about to change.
That includes dancing and things like that.
I'm really looking forward to seeing how I change.
I think that sometimes changes in our lives are reflected in songs and dances.
Matano-kun, the piano has become softer recently.
Are you planning on having a baby?
Ahahahahahaha!
It's still interesting, Mr. Fukurai.
Heh heh heh…. different.
＜Wate tried through trial and error to try to change something about himself＞
(Lily) Huh! ? Wow! Long eyelashes!
This one is 2 cm and this one is 3 cm. Which one?
Hmm, 3 centimeters! Really? Yeah.
Oh, you guys, just take a look! That's amazing!
eh! Amazing! Are you going to put that on?
A visitor from Umemaru's Tokyo branch visited Suzuko's performance.
♬～
(Hayashi) Oh! Welcome, Karashima!
Oh... you haven't changed at all!
(Karashima) Hello, it's been a long time. Mr. Hayashi hasn't changed at all.
I drink this every day. Would you like to drink? No, that's fine.
I'm going to throw up.
This is a director from Tokyo➡
Mr. Matsunaga. Matsunaga Zaibatsu...
Nice to meet you, I'm Matsunaga. Good luck.
(Hayashi) Please listen to me. You studied abroad in Paris and London, right?
ah. Well, it's a world tour. ah! Please do!
I just returned and I'm not familiar with Japanese. sorry.